Make fetch() optional in Bun.serve() when routes are passed (#17401)
oven-sh/bun: docs/api/http.md

## `Bun.serve()`

> Use `Bun.serve` to start an HTTP server in Bun.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `Bun.serve` to initiate an HTTP server.
```
This sounds better imo

```ts
Bun.serve({
  // `routes` requires Bun v1.2.3+
  routes: {
    // Static routes
    "/api/status": new Response("OK"),

    // Dynamic routes
    "/users/:id": req => {
      return new Response(`Hello User ${req.params.id}!`);
    },

    // Per-HTTP method handlers
    "/api/posts": {
      GET: () => new Response("List posts"),
      POST: async req => {
        const body = await req.json();
        return Response.json({ created: true, ...body });
      },
    },

    // Wildcard route for all routes that start with "/api/" and aren't otherwise matched
    "/api/*": Response.json({ message: "Not found" }, { status: 404 }),

    // Redirect from /blog/hello to /blog/hello/world
    "/blog/hello": Response.redirect("/blog/hello/world"),

    // Serve a file by buffering it in memory
    "/favicon.ico": new Response(await Bun.file("./favicon.ico").bytes(), {
      headers: {
        "Content-Type": "image/x-icon",
      },
    }),
  },

  // (optional) fallback for unmatched routes:

>   // Required if < Bun v1.2.3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Required if Bun's version < 1.2.3
```
This sounds better imo
